so I got the Republican debate queued up
here do you guys wanna you guys want to
check it out with me oh no I would not
thanks for coming to watch this horrible
thank me guys yeah it's on Fox News why
is Trump in the middle
he earned at least that he's the center
CSIs oh they have like rules like if
you're it's like a Russian ID doll thing
of like top second and four it's like oh
because he's leading the polls he gets
to be the center yeah yeah attention
he's which is what he's always wanted
he's the best one this is it's like a
show right like it's Donald Trump of it
on the got beds you've called women you
don't like fat pigs dogs slobs and
disgusting animals your Twitter account
totally Rosie O'Donnell Wow Rosie great
wait up or go vote why did he queue up
like the 2004 debate
why did you but then everyone clapped
cuz he's being a piece of shit he's just
like yeah I call person I hate me names
I'm a bully clap for me country is in
big trouble we don't win anymore we lose
to China we lose to Mexico both in trade
and at the border we lose to everybody
Trump doesn't seem to have confidence in
any aspect of America like we can't beat
Mexico at the border our cars can't
outrace Acuras anymore it's like
offending me right how many things it's
also like no car has ever been able to
outrun Acura he has I mean he has never
gone bankrupt that's just it's true
let's hear him say he's never gone
bankrupt I have never gone bankrupt by
the way I have never but out of a
hundred know being such sir as me that's
your line but the company is beyond
bankrupt
assume say it again yeah I have never
gone bankrupt by the way I like I like
that Donald Trump is told you've gone
bankrupt a lot in his responses I go
bankrupt better than other people
I had the good sense to leave Atlantic
City which by the way Caesars just went
bankrupt every company Chris can tell
you everybody else in Atlantic
city went bankrupt way worse than I did
a much better job of it also screw you
Christy
for Atlantic City being in New Jersey
that's your fault
I don't trust President Obama with our
records I know you gave him a big hug
and if you want to give him a big hug
again go grandpa's like yeah well at
least I didn't hug Obama once which a
he's the president yeah it's okay
regardless of your politics like as the
president of your country like I'm not
huge on george w bush but there was that
thing last week where he was doing jury
duty in texas and so they were just
selfies of him with jurors people being
like oh my god the president that's cool
yeah it's a cool little me to press he
was the president yes I gonna have to
like him at all
yes Hey look at me with this thing the
military is not a social experiment the
purpose of the military's kill people
and break things like it's never
defended the country at all who's the
defense program with like aides called
the defense defense defense is that um a
presidential candidate know that it's
not an action here friends of mine years
ago were going to have a child and it
was going to be aborted and it wasn't
aborted and that child today is a total
superstar
telling all these stories about like
yeah I was talking to this person last
week and in that politician way clearly
you're lying this is like a made-up
story or like you did it like four years
ago he doesn't even try to fool you
there's I know a couple and they were on
abortion but then they didn't and that
kid that kid is a superstar now that's
you don't know kids
thank you never had a child comes from
he managed he managed to say kid instead
of prop which is good right that's good
as president would you bring back
waterboarding well thank you Megan I
wasn't sure I was gonna get to talk
again huh
ben Carson I'm very excited to find out
who that is that's something I guess he
does surgery neurosurgery yeah Carson
stood out to me because everyone
answered by not answering but he
answered by not answering in a way that
made it feel like he wasn't paying
attention all right
you know like he was spacing out and
remember thinking about true detective
and then right the question would come
up and he'd be like immigration is
secondly we are rehabbing the
drug-addicted eighty percent of the
people in our prisons have addiction sir
I hadn't heard of Kasich before but he
seemed to mean like he had wandered into
the wrong room
like when he was talking about
rehabilitating drug-addicted prisoners
and everyone's stuff like what there's a
lot of us trickle the way I'm an
old-fashioned person here and I happen
to believe in traditional marriage and
then then he said that he didn't support
gay marriage and everyone's like yeah
and then he's like but he passed the law
it was over and everyone's like oh the
court has ruled and I said we'll accept
it but what about what about just being
irrationally angry about yeah we have to
stand you by because after the break
we're gonna let the candidates make
their closing statements their final
thoughts and God stay tuned for that
yeah oh it was amazing that T's doesn't
even like we're gonna ask you about God
it's like we're gonna find out what the
kids have to think of this and this and
this and sidenote god I want to know if
any of them have received a word from
God on what they should do and take care
of first right does God speak to you
directly and tell you what you're doing
which is to be the president of America
I want me just came here to the stage
and asked what about the veterans I want
to hear more about what these candidates
are gonna do for our nation's veterans
so I put the question to you about God
and the veterans which you may find to
be related well flip in mind the
question I just asks right but in
addition to that what do you think of
veterans I know I asked you a really
hard question of take a stance on God
but also let's play some real hardball
veterans question like follow-up
follow-up question puppies are you Pro
puppy are you anti puppy well first let
me say I think God has blessed us he's
blessed the Republican Party with some
very good candidates the Democrats can't
even find one Hillary Clinton do you
like during this debate she was having
the best night she was hanging out with
Kim Kardashian
you and Kanye West money took a selfie
together it's fantastic and Kanye is
just in the back of it like over there
and then also she had like a
headquarters set up where there are
posters of the Republican candidates
saying nice things about her in real
life and that was just the response she
left as like an out-of-office while
she's hanging out with Kim and Kanye
yeah just a fantastic way to live your
life yeah so now that now that we've
seen all these people go for two hours
who do you guys think is gonna come out
on top
Trump gets my vote because yeah he's
modest and earnest and I want me over
hey thanks for watching our responsively
whatever that was fantastic GOP debates
lettuce politics in action let us know
who you think won
you